Update changelog.md (#2943)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

## Release v5.14 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview)

- **v5.14.1, release day TBD**

>   - Fixing issues with [keyboard accessibility](https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/accessibility.html) where post and search textboxes do not read characters when reviewing with arrow keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixing issues with [keyboard accessibility](https://docs.mattermost.com/help/getting-started/accessibility.html) where post and search textboxes do not read characters when using the arrow keys to move back and forth through the text. [MM-17964](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-17964)
```
